Add DataTable server side pagination example to Design Site (#2985)
grommet/hpe-design-system: aries-site/src/pages/components/datatable.mdx

  <PaginationTableExample />
</Example>

> Below is an example of a server-side paginated DataTable which dynamically fetches data using an API call.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

### Server-side paginated table

In this example, data is dynamically fetched using an API call and rendered as a paginated DataTable. This approach is preferred for DataTables that may have large amounts of records because, by loading only a page worth of data at a time, it ensures the DOM doesn't become overloaded.
```

Reviewer: ^^ Guidance recommendation for this section.
